hey guys his teeth out here making this
video for anyone who's used to CD days
before or maybe a bit less familiar with
the CD day to thousands and you've got a
show coming up where you're playing on
the 2000s on that cut and you guys going
to start off with some features that
anyone can use and then get into some
stuff that's exclusive record box so the
first thing is a needle search function
when your song is paused you can move
anywhere along here soundwave we just
touch the string I'll skip to that part
in the song because it's really useful
for setting cue points further down in
the song well next thing is loops
there's a couple different ways you can
set a loop
of course is your standard in a note
button but you can also press the button
below them which will start a four
people loop as well now if you press
that button again it will cut the loop
nap
and if you hold out will you press that
again then it will slow it down and now
the last thing that most people don't
know about is when you're in the loop in
if you press out again it gives you this
loop menu and you can choose the timing
on how fast you want it to loop so you
can jump between different timings
another cool features the hotkeys now
this works best when it's set up a
record box but it doesn't necessarily
have to be set up so if you press the
record button they'll turn red which
means you can set the queue you can set
that to any point in the song
so once you set that it will show up
green and now if you press that at any
point and jump back to that part of the
song
a cool feature about this is you can
actually use it to jump between song so
say you had some time you set that in
one song you're playing it another song
and say at one point you know you want
to jump there and just press it in huh
go straight back to the queue now this
happens all the time as someone's using
CDs after someone who's just using a
flash drive or SD card you can't just
hit play when you put in the CD you have
to select disk on the left side of the
screen and then press down on the
scrolling wheel and that will load up
your song otherwise it will start
playing whatever it was last playing on
the USB or SD card so now I'm going to
go over some of the record box features
some of the advantages of using it is
that it makes it easy to find whatever
you're looking for in stead of going
through a bunch of CDs you can say York
using hawk use ahead of time and all
your loops will sync up perfectly well
there's three ways that you can use it
but two most common ones are from my USB
stick and an SD card when you put an SD
card most people don't realize this and
think that it's not working when you put
it in you have to close the top for it
to actually work and of course there's
the buttons here to choose your type
disk SD USB or the link and USB is
straightforward just plug that in and
you can access that as well now link if
you have your computer set up with
record box or just another cdj-2000 or
900 with a USB stick or flash card as
well you can now play the media off of
that so you only need to bring one flash
drive or SD card you can set up to 10
cue points in record box and you can
jump between them by pressing these
buttons and choose where you want to
start off your cell now if you set your
hawk use pre hand oh you pretty much
have to load them before the song starts
they don't load automatically but if you
try to go to one or load one while a
song is playing it'll be a bit of a lake
and how you load it up is useful down
the record or call button and just press
whatever
q you want to load there it will jump to
that part and now it will be automatic
now the reason that this one is orange
is because it's a loop so you can set
those up as hockey's as well you just
hit this twice more to it down with
flashing there
you
now another feature with the hot cues
that you can set up in record box is
called the hot cue bank so you can use
that to jump through use different
samples or different songs so when you
first if it will go you load them all up
and then play the last sample that you
have their core last song so you can
pause that and i usually use age for
whatever song i'm going to start with i
will use it for things like mash ups of
remixes of the same song